shania twain's own series gets a premiere date shania twain's own show, "why not? with shania twain" will premiere may 8, the network announced thursday.
cubs plan to cut pitcher carlos silva, owed $11.5 million chicago cubs right-hander carlos silva has been told he will not be on the team's 25-man roster when the season starts friday.
eu mulls nuclear-free future, tests on reactors europe is considering "stress testing" its nuclear power stations to check they can cope with crises, while its energy chief on tuesday even raised the prospect of a nuclear-free future.
"glee" star jane lynch to host 2011 emmy awards "glee" star jane lynch will host the primetime emmy awards ceremony in september, organizers of the television industry's top honors said on thursday.
bp's arctic oil deal with rosneft collapses bp's plan to gain a foothold in russia's offshore arctic oilfields through a deal with state-controlled rosneft has collapsed, opening the way for other oil groups to try to fill its place.
resignation has nevada sorting out the fallout with the announcement of john ensign's resignation, representative dean heller is widely expected to be appointed to the senate and catapulted onto a national stage overnight.
'tomatoland': not all tomatoes are created equal barry estabrook is the author of 'tomatoland: how modern industrial agriculture destroyed our most alluring fruit.'
the lede: netanyahu to confront obama with 'reality,' israelis say israeli officials told reporters on friday that president obama 'does not understand the reality in the mideast.'
eu wants more portugal austerity as eu unions protest eu finance ministers on saturday urged portugal to commit to reforms and defended the region's austerity steps as tens of thousands of european workers protested in budapest against spending cuts.
jack morris talks about his place in history jack morris, who authored one of baseball's greatest pitching performances to close the 1991 world series, talks about his hall of fame chances and his legacy.
german confesses to being al qaeda member a german man believed to have given information to the country's intelligence services about possible terror attacks in germany confessed in court on thursday to being a member of al qaeda, his lawyer said.
cisco trims fat and sets shake-up in motion cisco systems inc  ceo john chambers, cutting back a bloated management bureaucracy he helped build, has kicked off a sweeping overhaul to revive the networking equipment maker's flagging fortunes.
hbo, winslet take 'mildred pierce' mini to the max hbo and kate winslet unite for a new 'mildred' that sticks far more closely to the book, and extends for five hours over three weekly segmen ...
merck, sanofi abandon vet medicine joint venture drugmakers merck and sanofi-aventis on tuesday abandoned a year-old effort to create a veterinary medicine joint venture because of the deal's ...
matthew morrison plans to direct "glee" episodes "glee" actor matthew morrison is a broadway star, a tv actor and a songwriter, but soon he will add another role to his resume: director.
islamic world quiet as bin laden chapter closes voices across the islamic world are now relatively muted in sharp counterpoint to the rage and shame ' or hero-worship ' that osama bin laden ...
lawyer: no issues with tv reporter bringing mark ingram to tears at draft the attorney for the imprisoned father of new orleans saints rb mark ingram does not blame espn reporter suzy kolber for the rookie's on-stage ...
game on: the column. nba plays both sides bloggers tom weir and reid cherner are trying to avoid being upset as no. 1 seeds.
states slash $1.8 billion in mental health funds since 2009 and more cuts could be coming in the future.
e3 2011: live updates from microsoft's media briefing game hunters has landed inside the galen center on the usc campus awaiting microsoft's e3 2011 press conference.
cannes film festival honors jailed iran directors jailed iranian film directors jafar panahi and mohammad rasoulof will be honored at the cannes film festival this year, organizers said on sunday.
states debate adoption record laws adoptees in new jersey could see their birth certificates under a bill approved by the legislature.
'wimpy kid' clobbers many other family films 'rodrick rules' is the second movie based on jeff kinney's series.
theater review | connecticut: 2 men with badges and a story to tell the play 'a steady rain,' focused on two regular-guy big-city police officers, runs through may 8 in hartford.
'witcher' sequel delivers intense action, role-playing while there are fewer video games released these days, quality is making up for the lack of quantity.
jamal  coombs-mcdaniel plans to transfer from connecticut jamal coombs-mcdaniel, a swingman on connecticut's national championship basketball team, has had his initial court appearance on marijuana charges ...
stocks edge higher but leave banks behind stocks closed slightly higher thursday, shrugging off earlier losses due to an unexpected rise in unemployment claims.
gadhafi forces shell port a medical official says libyan ruler moammar gadhafi's forces have bombarded an area near the port of misrata while an international aid ship ...
hold the onions and cook with leeks in this week's recipes for health, martha rose shulman asks why leeks are so underused in american cooking.
hiring in u.s. slowed in may with 54,000 jobs added the unemployment rate rose to 9.1 percent, raising concerns once again about the underlying strength of the economic recovery.
oscar mayer lunchmeat nearly fat free? no: lawsuit oscar mayer foods misleads consumers about the fat content of some of its products, according to a lawsuit filed against the deli meats maker and its parent company kraft foods on tuesday.
chrysler dumps social media firm over twitter f-bomb now chrysler is firing the outside social media firm it hired its official chryslerautos twitter account for dropping the f-bomb in a tweet.
rutgers 76, seton hall 70, ot: not pretty, but rutgers outlasts seton hall with a gritty and inartistic performance typical of the season under its new coach, mike rice, the 12th-seeded scarlet knights won in the first round of the big east tournament.
'good-natured' gatherings, well wishes from above worries that anarchists would spoil the festivities have so far proved unfounded.
williams may be done, but assists streak continues deron williams may be out for the season, but in his short time with the nets he was able to preserve his streak of seasons in which he averaged 10 or more assists a game.
oxford beats cambridge in annual boat race oxford won the annual university boat race on saturday, upsetting defending champion cambridge by about four lengths on the river thames in a competition dating to 1829.
european discomfort grows about bin laden killing european happiness with the death of osama bin laden was tempered on wednesday by details showing he was unarmed when shot dead and qualms about whether torture of prisoners helped u.s. forces track him down.
the french diet you've never heard of pierre dukan has been called the dr. atkins of france, and the original dukan diet book sold 3.5 million copies in french and has been translated into 14 languages. but most americans have never heard of him.
expedia plans to split into two tripadvisor would become a separate, publicly traded company under the plan.
in syria, demonstrations are few and brief syrians have recently engaged in a few public demonstrations, but the government clamped down immediately and fiercely
qatar quits effort to mediate end to yemen crisis qatar has pulled out of the effort to mediate an end to yemen's political crisis, blaming the country's embattled president for the impasse.
arizona governor rejects bid to loosen gun rules the governor also rejected a controversial bill that would have required presidential candidates to produce proof of citizenship.
costco reports 6% increase in profit rising sales and membership fees at the warehouse club outweighed higher costs for commodities and declining profit margins.
special report: : find a sponsor to pay for that m.b.a. while most students take out loans and scholarships, dip into savings or ask parents for help to pay for an m.b.a., by far the best deal is having a current employer pay the bills.
this land: losing everything, except what really matters in cottondale, ala., near tuscaloosa, a tornado destroyed the soper family's house but spared their lives.
sports of the times: burress will soon be free to redefine himself with plaxico burress's release from prison on monday, the immediate questions focus on where, and how successfully, he will resume his n.f.l. career.
analysis: nadal shows why he is the king of clay the reports of rafael nadal's demise are exaggerated, as he showed in wednesday's straight-sets dismissal of robin soderling.
voting begins in singapore polls singaporeans began voting on saturday in the most hotly contested parliamentary election since independence, although analysts say the ruling people's action party (pap) is almost certain to be returned to power in the wealthy city-state.
arab league delays summit by year to march 2012 an arab league summit originally planned for march this year has been delayed by 12 months at the request of its host, iraq, arab league secretary-general amr moussa told reuters on thursday.
new police presence is hard to miss amid dodger blue after an assault outside dodger stadium left a giants fan in a coma, team officials and the los angeles police chief delivered on their promise of a 'sea of blue' response.
elderly israeli tycoon in iran scandal dies israeli shipping mogul sammy ofer, whose business empire is at the center of a scandal over trade with iran, has died after a long illness, a family representative said on friday.
gallery: jack black, angelina jolie in 'kung fu panda 2' together again, jack black and angelina jolie co-star in 'kung fu panda 2.' they provide the voices for "master po" and "tigress" in the dreamworks ...
ubs committed to integrated bank, including ib swiss bank ubs  is committed to its integrated business model, including its investment bank.
djokovic and lopez reach serbia open final top seed novak djokovic reached the serbia open final without hitting a ball on saturday after fellow serb janko tipsarevic pulled out of their semi-final with a thigh injury.
pirates take ucla pitcher cole with first pick of draft hard-throwing pitcher gerrit cole of ucla was taken by the pittsburgh pirates as top pick of major league baseball's first-year player draft monday.
at his rape trial, new york city officer says he's a gentleman a new york city police officer accused of raping a woman testified on wednesday that he did not tell his partner about her accusations because he's a discrete gentleman.
online mapping shows potential to transform relief efforts a new report says that online mapping to aid humanitarian services requires better coordination and communication between volunteers and agencies.
"book of mormon" leads with 14 tony nominations "the book of mormon," a musical comedy skewering many classes of people, was nominated for 14 tony awards on tuesday, potentially making it the most celebrated broadway show since "the producers" won 12 of 15 nominations in 2001.
amazon, labels to meet for locker talks: sources amazon.com inc is due to meet with music label executives on thursday to hash out deals over the online retailer's controversial cloud-based media locker service that has sparked a music business uproar.
braves' luis salazar returns to camp after losing eye atlanta braves minor-league manager luis salazar has returned to camp, two weeks after being struck in the face by a foul ball and losing his ...
attacks on media intense in middle east unrest journalists have been suppressed in popular uprisings in the middle east and north africa in more than 500 attacks, some of them deadly, according to a media rights watchdog.
"book of mormon" leads with 14 tony nominations "the book of mormon," a musical comedy skewering many classes of people, was nominated for 14 tony awards on tuesday, potentially making it the most celebrated broadway show since "the producers" won 12 of 15 nominations in 2001.
square feet: historic city at odds with its popularity as cruise port plans to open a new cruise ship terminal has drawn opposition from residents in charleston, s.c., who are fearful that too many visitors will overwhelm the city's cultivated charm.
greek policemen suspended in brutality probe three greek policemen were suspended in a brutality investigation on thursday and thousands marched to parliament to protest against the serious injury of a demonstrator during a strike protest a day before.
japan nuke workers risk their lives, garner nation's respect volunteer force of plant workers tries amid high levels of unseen radiation to keep the plant's reactors from melting down.
lincicome and lewis set red-hot pace at nabisco searing heat posed few problems for brittany lincicome as she charged into a share of the first-round lead with fellow american stacy lewis at the kraft nabisco championship on thursday.
owners win delay in case, keeping n.f.l. shut the decision is a victory for owners in a legal battle with players, and means the league will remain closed.
foreclosures may have crested, but recovery's slow a decline in new problem loans may signal a receding in 5-year foreclosure wave
mpaa's dodd confident box office will rebound he says movies must be better to draw bigger audiences.
gadhafi supporters rally in libyan capital libyan leader moammar gadhafi's forces intensified their campaign to take strategic heights in a western mountain range and targeted a road that ...
playbook prices announced the wi-fi-only version of r.i.m.'s tablet computer will match apple's ipad in price and storage.
australia's economy contracts most in 20 years annual growth in gross domestic product slowed to 1 percent, down from 2.7 percent. but the outlook is positive, thanks to a strong mining sector and the likely rebound after disasters at home and abroad.
pakistani rape victim fears silence after acquittal a pakistani woman who was gang-raped and became a human rights campaigner says she worries other women will not speak out after pakistan's highest court upheld her alleged attackers' acquittals.
donte' stallworth tweets support for same-sex marriage wide receiver donte' stallworth used his twitter account tuesday morning to back same-sex marriage.
kremlin head wants new nuclear rules post-chernobyl russian president dmitry medvedev, speaking at the site of the chernobyl nuclear disaster in ukraine, called on tuesday for new world rules to be drawn up on safety at nuclear plants.
the lede: march 13 updates on earthquake aftermath in japan on sunday, the lede continues to supplement reporting from our colleagues in japan on the aftermath of the devastating earthquake and tsunami that struck the country on friday.
what's the timeline for u.s. health law? many deadlines for implementing the law championed by president barack obama to expand health insurance to roughly 30 million americans are fast approaching.
juniors, start your essays "it's no mean feat to produce a powerful essay on a highly personal subject," the author alan gelb writes. "but the good news is that we all have stories within us that deserve to be told. in the quieter, less pressured time of summer, those stories stand a better chance of coming into their own."
on baseball: the giants start over, adjusting to the glare the giants began the defense of their first west coast championship under crisp blue skies at the home of their oldest rivals.
miscues cost louisville the chance to play spoiler a few blocks from broadway, louisville has been cast in the role of spoiler recently at the big east tournament. and with connecticut becoming the toast of the town over the past week, the cardinals found themselves a part of a familiar story line.
a plea to elite colleges for socioeconomic diversity "despite progress on diversity,'' david leonhardt writes in wednesday's times, "campuses tilt to the affluent."
t-mobile loses record number of contract customers results could pose challenge for regulators pondering at&amp;t takeover
wednesday's forecast: cold, stormy for northwest, rockies a strong and cold pacific system drops south along the west coast on wednesday.
under-fire nfl coaches association head defends stance on thursday, as the number of coaching staffs distancing themselves from the amicus brief filed by the nfl coaches association last week with ...
gasoline demand dips even as cost falls: mastercard retail gasoline demand fell last week versus a year earlier, as prices dropped for a second straight week but stayed above 2010 levels, a report by mastercard advisors' spendingpulse showed on tuesday.
poll: college students get hard lessons in finance in these tight times, college students are getting a lesson in economics no matter what their major. students say money influences everything ...
william craig, politician in northern ireland, is dead at 86 mr. craig surged to international attention in the 1970s as the leader of the ulster vanguard, a right-wing umbrella group for protestant partisans opposed to irish nationalism.
calpers drops medco as drug manager calfornia's retirement system drops medco as its pharmacy benefit manager in wake of concerns over how the company won the initial contract.
ufc looking to buy part of g4 channel comcast has been in negotiations with the ultimate fighting championship, which wants to expand its television footprint.
u.n. chief ban hails bin laden death as "watershed" u.n. secretary-general ban ki-moon on monday hailed osama bin laden's death as a key turning point in the world's struggle against terrorism.
in baltimore, cano hits second to almost none robinson cano took the field saturday with a .376 lifetime average at camden yards, surpassed only by ichiro suzuki's .388.
qaddafi and his forces warned on war crimes the international criminal court prosecutor warned col. muammar el-qaddafi that if he attacked the eastern city that is the rebels' base or any other towns, he would be committing war crimes.
official death toll from japan quake & tsunami tops 9,000: kyodo the official death toll from the devastating earthquake and tsunami that hit japan earlier in the month has now exceeded 9,000, kyodo news agency quoted the national police as saying on tuesday.
editorial: the g-8's self-serving math the g-8 seems determined to fudge the numbers rather than admit to a broken promise.
special report: sony stumbles: did stringer's makeover fail? had sony stuck with the airboard portable computer it launched in 2000, satoru maeda rather than apple's steve jobs might have been feted as the creator of tablet pcs.
roundup review: four new food/travel titles four new books take you to spots around the world  and into the world of chocolate.
probiotic yogurt no help for kids' constipation a yogurt aimed at easing digestion with the help of "good" bacteria may not be much help for children's chronic constipation, a new study suggests.
nfl imposes 12 percent pay cut on league employees the nfl has reduced salaries of its employees by 12 percent according to newsday's bob glauber, who added that the slashing of pay would increase ...
olympic champion wanjiru dies after fall kenyan olympic marathon champion samuel wanjiru plunged to his death from the first-floor balcony of his home after the athlete's wife found him in bed with another woman, police told reuters.
cosmonaut: russia needs space innovation now russia has done virtually nothing to design a replacement to the 43-year old soyuz spacecraft, cosmonaut says.
